test time: 2022-11-17 12:38:54
test result: Wrong Answer
details:
testfile1   Accepted
testfile2   Accepted
testfile3   Accepted
testfile4   Accepted
testfile5   Wrong Answer
testfile6   Accepted
testfile7   Accepted
testfile8   Accepted
testfile9   Wrong Answer
testfile10   Accepted
testfile11   Accepted
testfile12   Accepted
testfile13   Accepted
testfile14   Accepted
testfile15   Accepted
testfile16   Accepted
testfile17   Accepted
testfile18   Accepted
testfile19   Accepted
testfile20   Accepted
testfile21   Accepted
testfile22   Accepted
testfile23   Wrong Answer
testfile24   Accepted
testfile25   Accepted
testfile26   Accepted
testfile27   Accepted
testfile28   Wrong Answer
testfile29   Accepted
testfile30   Accepted
testfile31   Accepted
testfile32   Wrong Answer
testfile33   Accepted
testfile34   Accepted
testfile35   Accepted
testfile36   Accepted
testfile37   Accepted
testfile38   Accepted
testfile39   Accepted
testfile40   Accepted
testfile41   Accepted
testfile42   Accepted
testfile43   Accepted
testfile44   Wrong Answer
testfile45   Accepted
testfile46   Accepted
testfile47   Accepted
testfile48   Accepted
testfile49   Accepted
testfile50   Accepted
testfile51   Accepted
testfile52   Accepted
testfile53   Accepted
testfile54   Accepted
testfile55   Accepted
testfile56   Accepted
testfile57   Accepted
testfile58   Accepted
testfile59   Accepted
testfile60   Accepted
testfile61   Accepted
testfile62   Accepted
testfile63   Accepted
testfile64   Accepted
testfile65   Accepted
testfile66   Accepted
testfile67   Accepted
testfile68   Accepted
testfile69   Wrong Answer
testfile70   Accepted
testfile71   Accepted
testfile72   Accepted
testfile73   Accepted
testfile74   Accepted
testfile75   Wrong Answer
testfile76   Accepted
testfile77   Accepted
testfile78   Accepted
testfile79   Accepted
testfile80   Accepted
testfile81   Accepted
testfile82   Wrong Answer
testfile83   Accepted
testfile84   Accepted
testfile85   Accepted
testfile86   Accepted
testfile87   Accepted
testfile88   Accepted
testfile89   Accepted
testfile90   Accepted
testfile91   Accepted
testfile92   Wrong Answer

total test time: 114797.07551002502ms
