test time: 2022-11-16 19:15:50
test result: Wrong Answer
details:
testfile1   Accepted
testfile2   Accepted
testfile3   Accepted
testfile4   Accepted
testfile5   Accepted
testfile6   Accepted
testfile7   Accepted
testfile8   Accepted
testfile9   Accepted
testfile10   Accepted
testfile11   Accepted
testfile12   Accepted
testfile13   Accepted
testfile14   Accepted
testfile15   Accepted
testfile16   Accepted
testfile17   Accepted
testfile18   Accepted
testfile19   Accepted
testfile20   Accepted
testfile21   Wrong Answer

total test time: 14552.830696105957ms
